Oh, come in.
This lecture, we are going to start building the place.
Order screen.
Now to do this, we are just going to create the screen in the minor screens directory.
Within the minus screens directory, we are going to create a new file and we can call this file, check
out on the screen, or we can just call this place on the score order on the score screen and dot,
dot.
And for now we can go with the stateless widget and place order screen and over here we can alive and
use control dots, import material the dots and we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
And it is this for now.
We can have a color colors that sign.
Okay.
Great.
And back to the cut screen.
We have this checkered wire and this is the function for it.
Within here we can then say navigator dot of contest or we can just go with push.
It's basically it's basically same.
It's a positive contest.
And for the root it is something known as materia.
Page rotes or out whatsoever where you pronounce it and context.
You could also specify it is a type of beauty contest or you can just leave it that way.
Okay.
And basically we want to return the place other.
Screen.
Okay.
And now we need to import a light and it's concerned us and why we need a semicolon and hover in this
to see what we are missing.
We are missing an additional parenthesis.
Okay.
Use control and save.
And.
And click on the checkout button.
Okay, great.
And what about if we delete this item from our cards?
You can see currently our cards is empty and click on this.
It's going to take us to the checkout screen.
And this is very wrong because there is really no need of checking out if we have no products in our
cards.
Right.
So what we can do is we can have a check to see if the user has products in their cards.
And then holy, we should be we should be able to go to the checkout screen because this way there's
really no need of checking out, right?
Because we have no products.
We are checking that for right.
Or we have no product we are placing order for.
So to do this.
Over here, we can just check based on the total price.
That is, if the total price is equal to zero, then we want to disable the button and you can see we
tell the provider directory it's in the provider directory and then the card provider we have a getter
or a function known as total price.
And in order for us to assess this to the price, we first need to assess this provider class because
it is within the card provider class.
Okay.
To do this within the car screen.
Look over here before the block.
Remember, we cannot use the contents that wash over.
Okay.
So we can use the contest.
Contest.
Watch.
And sorry.
And basically we have to tell where we want to fetch data from or the data we want to use.
And it is from the card provider class.
And now we can then say to the price and we can then check if it is equal to $0 zero zero.
Zero.
You can see currently we have no item, so it is equal to 00000, which is equal to 000.
Then we want to disable the button by saying no else.
If it is not equal to zero zero then we want to navigate to the place.
Order screen.
Yes, control.
And that's the save.
And you can secretly.
We have no item added to our cards.
So the surprise is zero zero.
So it's going to be equal to zero zero.
And for this purpose, we cannot go to the checkout screen and let's try to have the product to our
card.
We're just going to hide this.
And you can see currently it is forced because it is no longer equal to zero zero.
So right now you can click on the checkout and it's going to take us to the checkout screen.
Okay, great.